# To-Do List
Program Description and Functionality Requirements:
Write a simple to-do list app that has a list of tasks that the user needs to complete. (We strongly suggest using a ListView to represent the to-do list.) Initially the app is empty and has nothing in the to-do list.

Here are the minimum required features your app must have:
- ADDING ITEMS: Provide a way for the user to type in items into their to-do list. For example, you could provide an EditText at the bottom of the screen such that when the user types text into it and clicks an Add button, the new item will be added to the top or bottom of the list. It's up to you whether new items should be added to the top or the bottom of the list.
- VIEWING ITEMS: This is sort of obvious, but the items the user has added should be visible as a list (such as a ListView). When an item is added or removed, the list should update itself immediately.
- REMOVING ITEMS: Provide a way to remove an item from the list. You could achieve this by attaching an event listener that removes a list item when that item is clicked by the user. Or if you want to try something slightly different, try making it remove an item when the user performs a "long click" (pressing and holding the mouse on an item). You can do this by calling the setOnItemLongClickListener method of your list and passing an anonymous AdapterView.OnItemLongClickListener class. (Android Studio can help you auto-generate the skeletons of these anonymous listener classes if you press Ctrl-Space in the editor at the right place in the code.)
- SCROLLING: If the to-do list becomes very long, it may be too large to fit on the screen. Make sure that it is possible for the user to swipe vertically to scroll through the list. (You might or might not need to actually write extra code to handle this; a ListView can handle its own scrolling if sized and laid out properly. We just want to state that your app must have this functionality.)
- MOVE TO TOP: Provide some way to move a given item in the to-do list to the top of the list. For example, you could make it so that clicking on an item, or long-clicking on it, moves it to the top. Or you could provide a button that, when clicked, moves the most recently added item from the bottom of the list to the top.
- ONE ADDITIONAL FEATURE: You should add at least one other feature to your app of your own choosing. The feature can be any of the "extra" features listed below, for example, or a different feature that you come up with on your own. (This is not meant to be a huge amount of extra work, so if you want to pick a modest feature that is not very many lines of code to implement, that is fine. Please post on the class discussion board if you have questions about whether a given feature is suitable here.)
